and then we're all beauty and so good today
I bring the video here
this time everything to venom our see here
and here ô ô ô dilma you note and extreme
an extreme jabuti here along with the wind
who was deaf and today we will do the
that the house lives Naque train hand
government house
Oops I heard the rabbit 09 hours to
by a specific channel spe spe
I got a kit. I'll be here.
because I'm right, you sent me, I hope you got caught.
the start i came mano was already between Jorge and
tai asked that the breastplate traveling but not
just look what she did will be difficult
so it was not difficult for our lives
A hug and the defended power fudeu
year for example the nobility in the end game
of the channel is not people or broke the flight today
a flight long in my class in
Jorge knows but this is how the
victory lost to gather hand here
guaranteeing the victory and the face of life that
find jabuti to beat the good yet
I'm dying happy event support
life beauty of life study for you me
Give me food for God's sake, do not give
a food is from the nottie died of
love
bitch the magician denote his taste
I do not like night because I do not live
nobody wins, right hand
I'll do it here, let's do it here, work.
a-will this bastard not do this
house that when sorry that there is no time
with 16 is a bed and the handle takes a rub
that from Jorge's farm for us, just get
The path that was there also I could
hair was bigger
the guy came to aggravate the pain of losing and only
no record left lost we have
The guy who writes lost is not
can you start to assemble this
home is what I am doing my
funk rock good country
the anacom how many people project ultimatum
expensive in there I have two in 2000
killed guy look at him he 'll have a
tip is the guy once again all by
cause of the calm calmness of the hand is not
so oh never there is not he will put
of mdf jabuti that he will put tnt
Pomegranate calm is coming to fall into the sea
human and therefore nothing like a
iron measuring sword already has the top
driver butt too fat there goes
I think we 'll do the house will do.
poor house unhappy not fat cast that
the defendant was unhappy in my
Head to my car.
the team started putting biscuits in the
Head, do not hit me, chat, let's do it.
the right things and thanks to carbon only
It's going to be the food duo the boot
thigh head chocolate
when chocolate is fucking head
I can revive soon there I revive
caramano abusei is the waiting dragon of the
dragon, I 'm going to get my two beasts
that the embassy is complete is pity that
do not need honor already had the will and
happy
what happened already on the day that fell 1
year or this shit vow if we'll see if
Nothing, I'm going here, the man tells me to do it.
People do not take my name Video generates already
gamer I love each other team speaks of
opposite this would you go ai
because people like you have a bucket of
want to get water but I believe then that
the neighbor
since 2008 have been transported to be good
and do the same day
No, no, I 'm not afraid of there anyway.
fell hardly touched thank you very much and
it was the biggest world champion